my god we're good what we're saying
right now on the way to go snorkeling
right now I have two terribly fun burn
this entire trip I mean today will be
the day that I become a lost time to
Sparkle crew everyone is so excited and
turn
[Music]
in this water look at it
laying around one with a in the same
success it was so much freakin fun now
we're going to chill on the beach I
think we're going out again cuz the one
time snorkelling isn't enough guys do it
two times in a few hours
it's don't return oh look we are
arriving at our Island Park or my bar
oh yeah this is nice
here we hop off laughing just friends
Beach pineapple cookies
feel free to three women large wasn't
the life I really enjoyed this round of
parkland it was easy to see things I
felt more comfortable so I actually like
didn't have my lifejacket on a majority
of the time so I was just able to dive
underwater which made it cool hopefully
I got some cool shots of fishies and
stuff look at that it's a snail it's
here at the snail nature Channel some
time has passed and we have now named
this creature what is the same Francisco
what have you spicy meat sensitive
paradise so that boat are the people
going back to the mainland and this is
the fun part
out into the ocean around to the office
I briefly talked about this earlier when
he in the water I Devon out my raison
Kemah where in my hotel does a lot I
just can't find them and so I've been
kind of the best the past 24 hours seein
all transit kinda sorta water what I am
now accepted that is probably why she's
my first pair of our cowboy dollar
target I don't know why but I'm in
paradise I don't have time to stress out
about losing a little critter out here I
feel like I'm swimming in a big thing of
wood deck
[Music]
being ready to look like guys done I
think you goin yeah deeper when you know
the steerer was massive
that one got better colors Lee getting
better
that was cool
and I usually don't like fishing stuff
but now I like fish and stuff because I
got the rest of fun now back to the
island or still alive well I am getting
a moustache winner
I'm so expensive on Shannon steak a
massage and a facial don't get pampered
yo so I am so extremely embarrassed
right now
I did the stupidest thing ever I go to
my room and my arms literally on fire
it's just my arm my right arm as you can
tell but this arm is so sunburned
I have not spray sunscreen and I forgot
to spray my right freaking arm but
sprayed my whole body forgot to spray my
right arm I'm so embarrassed because now
my right arm it's probably going to be
the only line getting pants but now it's
sunburn and it hurts so bad oh what a
pain right now it's about to go get a
massage so you're like on excuse me be
careful with one arm please because I'm
stupid forgot to put sunscreen on it
I am so thin right now I never get
massages or anything but I got a massage
and a facial and you know like in my
head it's usually like a hundred dollars
for a massage a facial I could like buy
something like a camera thing or
something but I was you know mmm
believes I'm like okay let's try to
relax like maximum Zen and man that was
amazing I think I'm going to need to
start budgeting in massage like monthly
massages for my person because who my
right arm is still in pain it's still on
fire still can't believe I didn't put
censoring just on one arm I'm going to
have to go out lay out in the Sun
tomorrow just for my left arm so I don't
look weird but the sun's going down and
I want to kind of show you around this
place that we've been staying at for two
days because it's by far the best place
we stayed it's like a resort and it's so
nice this is this is what I have to
myself so you like open up open up the
blinds and you're looking right out onto
the beach like there's the beach
what and right there is the pool like
there's the bar so you walk through
these doors and this is my room what's
amazing come outside you have your own
porch walk out here there's all of these
different types of like pillows out here
and this is all part of the same resort
you go out here so here is the dock and
you can rent kayaks and stuff it's like
6:00 p.m. right now so it's getting dark
should have come out here Stewart I'm
just not stop right here now let's just
admire this water and a sound just go to
your own Zen place for a second
yeah okay so moving on there's places to
sit underneath umbrellas so this is the
main area right over here is where we've
been having all of our meals and hanging
out how's the hammock it's great but I'm
like sinking all the way to the bottom
yes afraid because you're fat well yeah
y'all so on the vibes I'm feeling the
vibe this is a main areas where we've
seating and stuff and see the water is
right out there you can eat and have
your meal and just stare at the
beautiful waters so I'm chilling out
here in a hammock and I actually took to
Twitter and asked you guys to ask me
questions either about Belize or travel
in general I'm going to answer a few of
those as I swing out here is like the
perfect night first question what
consequences have traveling in relation
to your creativity
are you planning to complain I don't
know if I'm planning to come to Spain
there is an interesting question because
this trip I found that I have been able
to stay on top of videos I've actually
gotten ahead which is something I have
not been able to do in New York but the
reason is there has been a ton of less
time a ton of traveling on an airplane
when I am confined to a small space I
actually get my best work done because
there's no no distractions and I've
actually been reading for the first time
ever I'm reading like Sam Waltons made
in America it's a story behind Walmart
and reading is actually very inspiring
when are you coming back to LA LA is
always on the table there are always so
many things going on out there so I will
probably making a trip out to LA in the
next few months how do you manage to
keep hustling between everything you
have going on in your life I'm figuring
it out as I go something that I think
really helps recently I actually did on
this trip as I sat down and I wrote down
every single thing I want
and I associated a date to it so for the
next 4 months I have deadlines to hit
and I'm going to hold myself to and I
think that's going to help a lot and
keep up the hustle which one would you
rather have when you travel a power pack
for charging your electronics or a
6-pack of Laphroaig what songs type of
music you listen to well travel or that
inspires you to travel a inspiring
soundtrack to listen to about travels
make you want to get on a plane and go
to Iceland is the Secret Life of Walter
Mitty soundtrack if you haven't seen our
movie see that movie but also look up
the soundtrack to closes amazing what's
your most common travel pet peeve so I
guess the plan of pet peeves but it's
something that bothers me about myself
is I am in a constant state of chaos all
the time so I always have so many things
to do especially leading up to getting
on an airplane so I always pack super
super last-minute and so I am always
late getting out the door so I found
myself in airports and a crazy rush one
of these days I'm going to have all the
time in the world and I'll be able to
maybe go to airport lounges and be
awesome like that but I'm always like
barely catching my flight nowadays which
isn't isn't ideal what is one
destination you will never travel to or
will never travel sooo again interesting
question I've never had a crazy desire
to go to Australia I just feel like too
many things like can eat me spirit like
maybe that will change
I wouldn't say like Never Say Never but
yeah I don't have a strong desire to go
to Australia how do you decide between
saving or travelling that is a fantastic
question something that I did in college
was when I graduated high school I knew
traveling is something that I wanted to
do more of so I made a few conscious
decisions like I stayed at home so I
didn't have to pay for rent I went to a
college that was close to where I live
so you know that made living at home
easier and because it was in state I had
a scholarship it was easier to get like
a merit scholarship so just made
decisions to where I was able to save
money in college and
I just worked a time and every single
penny that I earn either went back to
buying camera gear or traveling so I got
to go to some cool places like Iceland
and Greece and I was just from saving up
and traveling and just finding what's
your best travel tips tips something
that I've gotten into recently is
packing cubes all that is I'll leave a
link in the description below is
literally just compartments for you to
put your clothes entity but it separates
things that helps you stay more
organized so it also makes your clothes
more compact so you can fit more in your
suitcase and you are more organized
favorite part about Belize hands down
today the snorkeling today was insane
this place we're at right now is amazing
the fact that I just had the most
wonderful Massage and Facial and I'm
about to go hang out with my home used
for dinner is yeah favorite part like it
was all fantastic I definitely say today
they're right behind all of the
activities I just a was ziplining
ziplining through the jungle was unreal
a question I got a ton of was what gear
do I bring when I travel and I am
actually going to do a entire video
about that for the next video so Friday
I will be posting a you know what I
brought to believe in terms of camera
gear and all that stuff because I have
been filming a ton so yeah thanks for
hanging out with me today guys you have
a good Wednesday PG okay
by
[Music]